Diversity Mod for The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth
version 0.2

Created by DuneAught (twitter: @duneaught)
with much help from Zamiel, Inschato, & #isaac on SpeedRunsLive

---

Description:

Each character starts with the D6 and 3 random passive items. Eden is unaffected by the mod. Characters who normally start with passive items keep those and get 3 additional items.

Four items (Mom’s Knife, Brimstone, IPECAC, & Epic Fetus) have been removed from their respective item pools. They may be assigned as random starting items, but they will not appear in game during a playthrough.

The Special Item status has been removed from the game.

Room modifications are taken directly from Balls of Steel Weekly mod 1.2:
- All Donation Machines have been removed.
- Angel Rooms that offer only soul hearts or eternal hearts have been removed, so Angel Rooms are guaranteed to have one pedestal and an Angel statue.
- Mimics and Doppelgangers spawn off center so the player is not hit upon entering the room.
- Some enemies that spawn close to doors are moved toward the center of the room to prevent unavoidable damage.

---

Important Notes:

Running diversitymod.exe generates and automatically installs Diversity Mod by writing files to The Binding of Isaac Rebirth resources directory.

Conflicting mod files in the resources directory will be overwritten. Non-conflicting mod files from previously installed mods will remain and affect play.

If the resources directory is not in the default Steam location, the Diversity Mod files will be written to the directory containing diversitymod.exe, and must be manually moved to the resources directory.

After running diversitymod.exe, The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth must be restarted for the changes to take effect.

To uninstall Rebirth mods, remove everything from the resources directory EXCEPT the "packed" folder. (It is critically important to leave the "packed" folder and its contents unchanged.) You may want to do this before installing Diversity Mod.

---

Change log:

version 0.2
- changed possible starting items to all passive items from all pools (excluding 17 boring items)
- added version number to character select screen graphic
- made minor changes to the prompts and text output

version 0.1
- hello world

---

17 Passive items are NOT included in the random selection.

ID	Name
15	<3
16	Raw Liver
22	Lunch
23	Dinner
24	Dessert
25	Breakfast
26	Rotten Meat
29	Moms Underwear
30	Moms Heels
31	Moms Lipstick
176	Stem cells
238	Key Piece #1
239	Key Piece #2
253	Magic scab
339	Safety Pin
344	Match Book
346	A Snack